# TaskManager

Oh task manager... Once a simple utility... now over come with the corperate virus... but alas... one true soldier stands to out live the decenters... Smoke fills the battle ground as a soldier emerges "HELP ME" the soldier cries, his arm shreaded by shaking shrapnel shot by short riflemen on the shore... yet he pervails through the fight... The soldier can tell he is not the only one here... however he is the only one who cares about his or his freinds wellbeing. and so he knows that to serve his country and the cause that all of the allied contries have been fighting he must involve himself in counter espionage and he must destroy all nuclear missle silos located in his general vicinity which can i go on a rant and say that i have no idea WTF they mean by "general vicinity" like, sure i guess you might as well have said "yeah the thing is within some distance to him" and i mean like.... OH NAH REALLY????? flippen dumbasses over here not understanding that when i ask "Hey bill! hows the wife and kids?" "oh you know same old same old" "yeah thats cool, hey do you know where those reports i ordered from HR are? i need to present them to corperate tomorow morning and i just cant seem to fine them..." "oh yeah i think their in the general vicinity of sandra" "hah!.... wait what do you mean by general vicinity???" "you know what i mean" "no... no i dont bill if i know i wouldent have asked you." "well.. okay good point but surely you still know what i mean by general vicinity right? i mean its not a really localised expresion im pretty sure most people alive on this planet have heard that phrase at least once in their entire lifetimes... But i do guess i can see how you may not have heard it."  "No, bill... i have heard it... ive also heard the saying 'Right to bear arms' yet i havent the slightest idea at why they are called 'arms'" "well they are called arms because what do you call showing off your mussles?" "... showing off your muscels?" "well... yeah no shnickle dockles zack.... but like whats another name for your mucsles... your arms...." "Man can you just tell me" "Guns Zack they are called freakin guns and so guns are called arms." "oh.... what were we talking about?" "i dont rememeber" Any way thats why i dont like that thing i cant rememebr. so right task manager... uh.... right. The soldier knew that he must fufill his duty of destroying all nu- GENERAL VICINITY THAT... "we were talking about the phrase General vicinity and how i didnt like you using it." "Right! god your so hot and smart Zack" "Wtf are you talking about bill your married with a wife and kids... we already talked about them just before..." "oh... right... sorry... i must have gotten a bit.. uh... carried away. *cough cough* any way i think the phrase means..... oh god im so tired of writing..." Its an app that task managers there im done i dont want to wright anymore im so tired.